---
title: "Busted"
date: "2019-02-20"
tags: 
  - "dreams"
---

Dream Journal Entry 2

* * *

I parked a block away, and walked towards the target house wearing a grey uniform. Tucked under my arm was a small stack of paperwork folded in thirds with a receipt stapled to the front sheet. Tools hung off my belt.

<!-- truncate -->

I said I was there to service a filter in the water system. She was expecting me. I don't remember what my ulterior motive was, but I needed her gone first. I'm pretty sure I was there to steal something important.

The problem was, I really didn't understand how the filter system worked. I faked it for awhile, but with her watching I ended up dumping the contents of the filter into the sink while the plumbing underneath was disconnected, flooding the lower cabinet.

She's impatient, says she really has to go. Perfect! I'm from Sears after all, you can trust me to finish the job and then lock up the house on my way out. It would have worked, but she's smart, and looked for the trademark company vehicle parked out front, to write down the numbers. Finding none, her suspicion grows visibly on her face as she intentionally avoids looking back at me. I prepared to run.

* * *

That scene faded, and I dreamt again of  the city. This time I was staying in something closer to a hostel, and complaining how no one in crowded cities can go bowling because an alley would take up too much precious real estate.

Morning came in my dream and my character (as I viewed him from third person) woke up to the starting licks of _Rift_. Jen was playing it to wake me up, and the scene faded.
